Launching an Open-Source Project (#127)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/launching-an-open-source-project.md

---
title: Launching an Open-Source Project
category: General
date: "2020-03-22"
tags: ['launch', 'open-source']
description: Do you have an open-source project? Follow these steps before launch
---

- [ ] Add README.md  
Don't forget to include relevant badges

- [ ] Add CONTRIBUTING.md

- [ ] Add CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md  
You can use [this manifesto](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/) as starting point

- [ ] Add LICENSE file  
Prefer MIT license if you don't have any reason to not to use

- [ ] Set GitHub issue templates  

> GitHub has a beatiful [documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository) for this to-odo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub has a beautiful [documentation](https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository) for this to-do
```

- [ ] Install Welcome bot and configure it  
You can look at it from [here](https://probot.github.io/apps/welcome/)

- [ ] Configure CircleCI  
Here is the [CircleCI workflow checklist](/checklist/setup-a-circleci-workflow)

- [ ] Configure branch settings  
You can take a look to [Branch Settings Checklist](/checklist/branch-settings-on-github)

- [ ] Add a link to the repository if the project has a website

- [ ] Add a link to CONTRIBUTING.md if the project has a website

- [ ] Add a link to CODE\_OF\_CONDUCT.md if the project has a website

- [ ] Create a deployment process if the project needs a deployment  
You can use [Netlify](https://netlify.com) for this to-do

- [ ] Add Algolia for search feature if the project is a static website  
Of course, this is valid in case you need a search feature

- [ ] Announce it 📣  

> You can check the [Announcing a Project](/checklist/announcing-a-checklist) checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check the [Announcing a Project](/checklist/announcing-a-project) checklist
```
